Grilled buffalo chicken breast, chopped and baked in a spicy buffalo & bleu cheese cream cheese, accompanied by corn chips and celery
Skewers of blackened ahi tuna bites seared to order and served with wasabi ranch dressing. not a fan of spice? just ask your server to hold the blackened
Thick potato wedges smothered with chopped bacon, scallions, cheddar-jack cheese and served with sour cream
Baked with a blend of cheeses and fresh herbs, served with pita bread and dipping veggies
Oversized, soft pretzel sticks, oven baked and served with a smooth and creamy cheese dipping sauce.
Golden brown chicken tenders served with honey mustard dipping sauce
The authentic recipe from the anchor bar in buffalo. choice of hot, mild, sweet and spicy, bbq, honey chipotle or general tao’s. served with bleu cheese and celery.
A group pleasing platter of buffalo wings, chicken quesadillas, mozzarella sticks, and potato skins
Melted cheese over tortilla chips with lettuce, tomatoes, scallions, jalapeños, black olives, sour cream, salsa, and your choice of refried beans or chili
Teriyaki grilled sliced chicken breast served with bean sprouts, bib lettuce, carrots, bean thread noodles, ginger marinated cucumbers, spicy peanut sauce and wasabi sauce
Fresh julienne of vegetables seasoned with a garlic, ginger and soy marinade. hand rolled in traditional asian wraps, and served golden brown with a sweet and spicy dipping sauce
A light, flavorful combo featuring kate’s mediterranean chic pea hummus and our homemade grilled artichoke heart and tomato bruschetta with toasted panini pressed pita bread finishing the plate
Chopped beef steak, cheddar-jack cheese and fried onions, hand-wrapped and fried. served with chipotle aioli & horseradish sour cream dipping sauces
Flour tortillas filled with cheddar-jack cheese and chicken. served with salsa & sour cream
Hand-breaded mozzarella cheese fried golden brown and served with marinara sauce
Sautéed jumbo shrimp tossed with tomatoes and scallions in a light roasted garlic cream sauce placed on toasted crostini wedges
Jumbo shrimp tossed in a crunchy coconut breading, fried golden brown and served with a spicy mango dipping sauce
Steamed shrimp seasoned with old bay. served with spicy cocktail sauce
House favorite! sautéed mushrooms and spinach in a pink vodka cream sauce tossed with penne pasta and topped with grilled sliced chicken breast
Choose chicken, steak, veggie, shrimp or combo fajitas! kate's fajitas come to your table sizzling hot with peppers and onions served with flour tortillas, rice pilaf, refried beans, lettuce, tomatoes, black olives, cheddar-jack cheese, salsa and sour cream
Kate's own slow cooked, fall-off-the-bone hickory bbq basted baby back ribs served with coleslaw and french fries.
Pulled chipotle seasoned chicken breast stuffed in corn tortillas topped with red chili sauce, shredded cheddar-jack cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream, and served with rice pilaf, salsa and refried beans
Generous portion of breaded chicken breast sautéed and topped with marinara sauce and mozzarella. plated next to fettuccine alfredo and garlic bread
Homemade meat loaf topped with a rich brown gravy and served with mashed potatoes and glazed carrots
So good, sue made us put it on the menu! layers of certified angus beef® and red sauce with five cheeses baked to perfection. served with a side house salad or side caesar salad
Feta cheese, fresh basil, kalamata olives, spinach, tomatoes, garlic, and romano cheese tossed with penne pasta
A satisfying trio of grilled bbq ribs, cilantro chicken breast and tequila lime shrimp skewer served with coleslaw and french fries
Juicy 12 oz. certified angus beef rib eye steak topped with sautéed button mushrooms in a garlic white wine butter. served with mashed potatoes and sautéed zucchini.
Mouth watering 12 oz. certified angus beef strip steak basted with garlic butter and topped with kate's hay stack onions accompanied by mashed potatoes and sautéed zucchini
Tender certified angus beef filet topped with garlic butter, served with mashed potatoes and sautéed zucchini. available in
Hand-breaded, jumbo coconut shrimp, fried golden brown and served with a sweet & spicy mango sauce and accompanied by french fries and coleslaw
Fresh atlantic salmon served blackened or grilled with rice pilaf and sautéed zucchini
Sushi grade ahi tuna prepared grilled or blackened with rice pilaf and sautéed zucchini
Buttermilk marinated fried chicken breast topped and baked with crab imperial, spinach, and kate's seafood topping, served with mashed potatoes and sautéed zucchini
Pan-blackened tilapia topped with chilled crab bruschetta and served with rice pilaf and steamed asparagus tossed with butter.
Chili seared ahi tuna served over a chilled bean thread noodle salad with a spicy lime cilantro dressing
Two broiled lump crab cakes served with mashed potatoes, glazed carrots and choice of tartar sauce or cocktail sauce
Atlantic salmon basted and roasted with basil pesto, served with rice pilaf and sautéed zucchini
Farm raised tilapia available blackened or grilled with rice pilaf and sauteed zucchini
Five jumbo shrimp topped with kate's crab imperial and seafood topping. served with french fries and coleslaw
Macaroni pasta tossed in a savory crab and cheese sauce, topped and baked with lump crab meat and crunchy bread crumbs
Pan seared, thick-carved turkey breast served on a panini pressed ciabatta roll with roasted red peppers, provolone cheese, lettuce, tomato and tasty chili pepper mayo
Thinly sliced prime rib topped with provolone cheese and hay stack onions, served on a kaiser roll with lettuce, tomato and horseradish sour cream sauce
Hot bacon, crispy lettuce, jersey tomatoes and mayo piled triple decker with turkey, ham or roast beef on rye, wheat or white toast
Herb tortilla rolled with romaine lettuce, grilled sliced chicken breast, diced tomatoes, parmesan cheese and creamy caesar dressing
Tender beef or chicken grilled and topped with your choice of cheese and toppings. sinfully delicious
Ahi tuna pan blackened and topped with mushrooms and roasted red peppers. served on a potato roll with lettuce, tomato and a side of wasabi ranch dressing
Healthy grilled chicken breast with your choice of cheese, sautéed onions, mushrooms, roasted red peppers or bacon. served on a kaiser roll with lettuce and tomato
Tender spicy carolina style pulled pork served on ciabatta bread with cheddar-jack cheese, shredded lettuce, and diced tomatoes
Chesapeake style jumbo lump crab cake, broiled and served on a potato roll with lettuce, tomato and cocktail or tartar sauce
Warm tavern ham, salami, cappicola, melted provolone cheese, shredded lettuce, tomatoes and onions on focaccia bread with a drizzle of oil and balsamic vinegar
Cilantro and lime marinated chicken breast with sautéed bell peppers, onions, avocado, cheddar-jack cheese, lettuce, tomato & baja ranch dressing on a kaiser roll
Triple decker mouthful of toasted rye bread with 1000 island dressing, meat loaf, turkey, bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomato & mayo
Thinly sliced oven-roasted turkey and tavern ham, pan seared and topped with cheddar cheese and apple balsamic braised onions served on a warm bavarian pretzel roll accompanied by honey mustard dipping sauce
Hot roast beef served on a hoagie roll with provolone cheese and sautéed onions accompanied by au jus.
Whole wheat tortilla stuffed with kate’s black bean hummus, lettuce, fire roasted red peppers, cucumbers and feta cheese
Buttermilk battered chicken breast fried golden brown, tossed in hot or mild buffalo sauce and served with lettuce, tomato and bleu cheese dressing
Your choice of roast beef, ham, turkey, chicken salad, or tuna salad served on bread, roll or in a wrap with lettuce, tomato, and mayo.
Grilled zucchini, red onion, portabella mushroom, and asparagus topped with gouda cheese and served on focaccia bread with a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil and vinegar
Whimpy - three mini certified angus beef burgers topped with american cheese and fried onions with kate’s secret sauce. grilled chicken breast - topped with american cheese, lettuce and tomato. buffalo chicken - golden brown chicken fingers tossed in your choice of sauce, served with bleu cheese dressing. carolina pulled pork - tender pulled pork topped with cheddar-jack cheese.
Light and flavorful garlic and extra virgin olive oil basted pie dough topped with mozzarella and ricotta cheeses
Hand-stretched pizza dough basted with your choice of garlic oil or red sauce and topped with fresh garden basil, sliced tomatoes and mozzarella cheese
With feta, tomato and spinach
Pizza dough stuffed with mozzarella, provolone, romano, and ricotta cheese. baked and served with tomato sauce
Pizza sauce and mozzarella cheese
Buffalo style chicken smothered in mozzarella cheese


